[Music]
Hey my dear lovers of the
heart, I hope you're enjoying
Wednesday and well, Wednesday's
cover, there aren't many people
talking about a striking, let's put it
in quotes, okay, because I don't see it and
I don't see it as striking or a change of
attitude, it's a striking change of attitude
regarding Marta Riesgo and Rocío Flores
on the part of Jorge Javier and it's in
an interview that he gave at a
photocall
promoting a good product to
lose weight for diets, it's not a
diet that's good but it's not called that,
okay, I don't mind saying it even if they don't
pay me but basically they ask him the
same questions as always. No, hey, are you
going to find yourself with the
survivor now? Hey, have you really hurt so much
Rocío Flores and now let's see
what he's doing in this interview is giving it, like, like lurches and dodging these types of questions. Not regarding Olga's thing, well, he says that really, he doesn't know if it's not even true that Olga has censored, has vetoed, being with you, well, on
a plate, I'm telling you from here that I don't know
if there has been
a veto as such, but yes,  I
can assure you that if Olga is going to be a
survivor as a collaborator when
she feels like it, okay, she won't do it under any
circumstances and with no proposal she will never
do it. On the plate that you are now well
to use the galas, not the organ, you will be
the galas. I confirmed that to you. And then on the
other hand, when they ask her about
Rocío Flores
today, it is true that it has hurt you so much and
that you feel very disappointed with
Rocío Flores because she appreciated her very much, she
expected a lot from her. Listen well, what she
does is answer with apples, I bring,
basically she answers saying yes, yes,
this diet has helped me a lot and I
feel very well, it has not solved my
life, what she has done is put
off the question, like ignoring
Rocío Flores, okay, I did not take it
as a change of attitude like
many people are saying, or is it that she is
surely afraid to sue, not
mine, afraid that Marta 10, like calling
the police,
absolutely not Locke, acting immune, Arlo,
okay, ignoring both of them, both
Marta and Rocío Flores, and I can tell you
that if this man had  fear
some kind of lawsuit or some kind of
legal consequence at some point they would
cut much more in the interventions they
make is not the case okay I know that there are
many people who maybe I am a fan
of Antonio Haba you support the blue tide
I also support the blue tide in
many things but from there to imagine and
make illusions with things that do not
exist you do not know that writing the
networks invade from there look look look at the
change of attitude of Jorge that is because he is
scared with the demands is not worth it
I simply see here a
disregard and nothing family I hope that you
give me your opinion regarding this and
we will see you in the next news a
hug hearts
[Music]